Project 2 Requirements
● Written in C. No HAL or equivalent libraries. (Using CMSIS, and stm32xxx.h kind of headers is fine.) Connect a microphone to record your voice. Keep in mind that if this microphone does not have an on-board amplifier, you will need to build one yourself.
● Build an amplifier and connect a speaker with a variable pot to playback the recordings.
● Connect 2 x 24LC512 EEPROMs on the same I2C bus. Keep in mind when wiring the bus will require pull-up resistors on both lines, and each of these devices need a different address to communicate.
● You should be able to at least record 4 tracks with 5 seconds each. 5 seconds should be fixed, but if you can fit more tracks that is fine.
	○ Calculate the maximum data size for two EEPROMs for keeping your data and create a table of how many seconds can be recorded with different data rates. Pick one that will fit the requirement.
● A keypad should be attached to operate the device.
	○ Assign a key for recording a voice. The recording will go for 5 seconds and automatically stop/save it. After the track is played, it will stop and go back to IDLE state.
■ Pressing any other button should not have any effect.
	○ Assign first 4+ number keys for track select when not recording. For example pressing 1 will select the first track, pressing 2 will select the second track, etc. This key press will not do anything else.
	○ Assign a key for playing/pausing the selected track when not recording. After the track is played, it will stop and go back to IDLE state.
■ Pressing any other button should not have any effect.
	○ Assign a key for deleting the selected track. After the track is deleted, it will go back to IDLE state. Assign a key for seeing the track status. After the key is pressed, SSD shows the number of available tracks.
● An SSD should be attached to display the operations and status. You should have multiple states, some of which include:
	○ START state which only happens when the board powers up SSD should show your ID (first 2 and last 2 digits)
	○ IDLE state which displays IdLE on the SSD and does not do anything else. (waiting for track select or record start)
	○ FULL state which displays FuLL on the SSD and prevents going into RECORD state.
	○ RECORD state where the SSD shows rcd and a countdown from 5 seconds indicating the recording. (i.e. rcd3, rcd2)
	○ PLAYBACK state where the SSD shows PLb and the track being played back (i.e. PLb2, PLb1)
	○ STATUS state where the SSD shows Ava the number of available tracks. (i.e. Ava3, Ava0)
● If no button is pressed for 10 seconds, the device should go back to IDLE state.